I don't have any food to eat at home.
My young husband is getting married this time.
I have a lot of fish to celebrate.
I'll give you a lot of money.
I'll give you a little money.
I'll give you 50,000 yen.
I'll give you rice and a little money.
I'll give you a little money.
Is it good? Thank you.
I'm coming.
I'm sorry, fish.
Come here.
What is the price of this goldfish?
Is it red?
What is this?
This is 60,000 yen.
Is this 50,000 yen?
You think it's so cheap?
What is this fish?
You're a rich man.
Is this a fish?
What is this?
This is 50,000 yen.
Is this 50,000 yen?
You think it's so cheap?
What is this blue fish?
You're a rich man.
Is this a rich man?
What is this?
This is 50,000 yen.
Is this 50,000 yen?
You're a rich man.
I'm not happy to be in the world of 50,000 yen.
I'm sorry, but I don't care about anything.
I was selling it for 25,000 yen, but I didn't sell it.
I want to give you 50,000 yen.
Thank you very much.
How is it?
I made it.
This is 50,000 yen.
It's cheap.
Did you lose?
Please lose.
I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
The wind changed to a good one.
The rain was fast.
It's a heavy rain.
I can't say that.
I'm sorry.